[resource_datadog_security_notification_rule] Add notification rule terraform provider (#2806)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/notification_rule.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_notification_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Notification Rule API resource. It can be used to create and manage Datadog security notification rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Notification Rule API resource for creating and managing Datadog security notification rules.
```

---

# datadog_notification_rule (Resource)

> Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Notification Rule API resource. It can be used to create and manage Datadog security notification rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Notification Rule API resource for creating and managing Datadog security notification rules.
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the rule (must be unique).
- `targets` (List of String) List of handle targets for the notifications.

### Optional

> - `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the rule is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is enabled.
```

> - `selectors` (Block, Optional) Selectors used to filter security issues for which notifications are generated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selectors))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `selectors` (Block, Optional) Defines selectors to filter security issues that generate notifications (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selectors)).
```

> - `time_aggregation` (Number) Time period (in seconds) used to aggregate the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `time_aggregation` (Number) Specifies the time period, in seconds, used to aggregate the notification.
```

### Read-Only

> - `created_at` (Number) When this rule was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `created_at` (Number) Indicates when this rule was created.
```

- `created_by_handle` (String) Handle of the rule creator.
- `created_by_name` (String) Name of the rule creator.
- `id` (String) The ID of the notification rule.

> - `modified_at` (Number) When this rule was last modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `modified_at` (Number) Indicates when this rule was last modified.
```

- `modified_by_handle` (String) Handle of the rule last modifier.
- `modified_by_name` (String) Name of the rule last modifier.

> - `version` (Number) Rule version (incremented at each update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `version` (Number) The rule version (incremented at each update).
```
